The overall guide to the purpose of each directory of code is listed below. Descend into a given directory for a more detailed README.

* `02_image_stitching`: code related to refining transformations from `ImageJ` using a `Samui`-based workflow, and exporting a new set of spatial coordinates appropriate for building a `SpatialExperiment` object. The overall idea was to place all capture areas for the same donor on the same coordinate system, so each donor is considered a single sample of data for most downstream analysis.
* `03_webatlas_tests`: code used to explore [WebAtlas](https://twitter.com/bayraktar_lab/status/1662068232138682370?t=fPqNoppoJ109s623S-JHFw), an alternate to Samui for viewing spatial data. I (Nick) got it working with a sample of our data, but my overall impression was that our combined use of Shiny apps and Samui provided all of the functionality we'd want, and there were enough minor limitations to `WebAtlas` that I didn't see it as a superior alternative. This exploration was ultimately abandoned.
* `05_harmony_BayesSpace`: code covering several pieces of analysis: building a `SpatialExperiment` object from the outputs of the code from `02_image_stitching` and `04_VisiumStitcher`, performing normalization and batch correction, finding highly variable genes (HVGs), and finding spatially variable genes (SVGs)
* `06_deploy_app`: code for viewing a version of the `SpatialExperiment` object on our LIBD Shiny app
* `07_spot_deconvo`: code pre-emptively adapted from other projects to perform spot deconvolution, once the single-nucleus RNA-seq data becomes available. The overall plan was to find cell-type markers with `DeconvoBuddies::get_mean_ratio2` and use these as training genes to run `Cell2location`.
* `08_initial_markers`: very preliminary code to address [this closed issue](https://github.com/LieberInstitute/spatial_NAc/issues/9), which was ultimately discarded in favor of approaches performed in `05_harmony_BayesSpace`.
* `09_seurat_spe_conversion`: initial testing code aimed to figure out how to convert a `SpatialExperiment` object to a `Seurat` object, since some interesting methods existed in the `Seurat` ecosystem. Ultimately, the fruits of this work are contained in `spatialNAcUtils::spe_to_seurat`.
* `10_precast`: code to run `PRECAST` to cluster the spatial data for `k = 2` through `k = 28`, and explore the results. Note that `BayesSpace` was also used for clustering in `05_harmony_BayesSpace`.
* `VistoSeg`: code used to run `VistoSeg` through the `countNuclei` step, noting that having a count of number of cells per spot is necessary for effective spot deconvolution in `07_spot_deconvo`.
